She was too short to see over the fence.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
Love is not like pizza.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
We have a lot of rain in June.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Flying fish few by the space station.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.